DOCSP-48624 documents oracle materialized view support in docs-uplift (#245)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/mapping-rules/schema-mapping.txt

.. image:: /img/schema-mapping/schema-mapping-relational-migrator-concept-diagram-b.png
   :figwidth: 450 px
   :alt: Schema Mapping Concept
  
.. tip::

>    {+rel-mig+} supports Oracle materialized views. If your data model requires 
>    complex mappings involving many tables, you can create a materialized view 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {+rel-mig+} supports Oracle materialized views. If your data model requires 
   complex mappings that involve many tables, you can create a materialized view 
```
